Dean, I brought a friend to be a police officer
What's the hurry?
What are you doing?
Doctor Zhang, pay attention to your tone
This is my guest.
After a meeting of the hospital
We have unanimously decided to suspend you
Go home and rest for a while
Why have my recent surgeries been successful?
There were no misdiagnoses or medical problems.
This doctor
Work ability is important
But lifestyle
It is also the focus of our college's selection of talents
Lifestyle
What's the problem?
Someone complained to me.
Said you hooked up with a married woman
It's you, right?
What does it look like to yell
Mr. Du is the major shareholder of our hospital
And if it wasn't for Mr. Lu's honesty
How would I know?
How could there be such a disorderly doctor in our hospital?
Dean, don't listen to his nonsense
I'm just here to bring a friend to be a police officer
At that time, Mr. As a married man
But bring a lover to make the scene
say
You don't want to know why Xiaoyan asked you out